I bow to all the seekers of truth.
At the very outset, I have to say we should
know what is the truth.
Everybody is seeking the truth,
but they have no idea as to what they should find.
There is an urge within us
because these times are special,
and we are seeking.
But still, we don't have a clear cut idea
as to what we should seek and
what we should achieve after our seeking.
Now I would like to refer to all the
great books on religion, about truth.
They all have said that,
"You have to know yourself".
- knowing yourself is the point - and that you
have to become the Spirit.
It's said in all these religions but though we can find,
that these religions are not really doing that.
They are not yet able to give you the truth.
And that is why there is so much of conflict,
so much of fights going on.
There are all real religions, no doubt.
And the essence of every religion is the same.
Despite all that, they're fighting in the name
of religion.
How can that be?
It can be explained very well, that if you have
lost our way, we can go into opposite directions.
So, when we know we have to know ourselves,
and that is our goal of life, that is how
we are going to improve on our life as such.
That has been not so clearly explained.
But, where there is an arrangement within us
or not, is been told by most of them,
and that arrangement must have been told to you,
lies in the triangular bone, 3 and a
half coils of energy which is divine,
which can connect us to the All-pervading Power
of truth, which is a very subtle energy.
And when that happens, you get connected with that Power.
And that Power starts flowing through you.
And you can feel it on your fingertips that Power flowing.
This is a fact. We have to first verify before denying it.
If it could happen to you all,
that you can feel this All-pervading Power on your fingertips,
then it's an experience.
It's, not just by giving you a big lecture
or telling you about something fantastic,
but it is actualization.
Most important thing is the actualization,
is the becoming of you being the Spirit.
Now, one thing is that you have to
just take out your shoes or chapals,
whatever it is,
because this Mother Earth is of a great help.
She sucks in all of our problems.
Put both the feet apart from each other.
You will know everything about Sahaja Yoga,
why I said, to put your feet apart from each other,
everything you will know very clearly,
but they should touch the Mother Earth.
You have to just be comfortable.
And all of you should be seated.
Before I start, I have to request
that those who want their Realization only
I can give them.
It cannot be forced because Kundalini
is the pure desire, is the pure desire.
Not impure desire as we have,
whatever desire we have.
We have today one, then we want to have
something else. That's the principle of economics.
But this is pure desire and for this pure
desire you should be determined to get it.
It's your own character, your own
understanding only will work it out.
Now, I would request you all to sit comfortably
with both feet like this, very comfortably.
And put both your hands, towards me, like this.
Now what I find, that some of you feel guilty.
It's a nonsense.
If you feel guilty, then this center
here catches on the left-hand side
and the Kundalini doesn't move.
So, if you have done anything wrong, I agree.
So, it's finished. That's the past.
You don't have to worry about that.
At this moment, please, you have to know
that you are not guilty at all for anything!
So, please forgive yourself.
Please forgive yourself.
Now the second thing is that
we have to forgive also others.
Now, some people say, "It's difficult to forgive,
Mother". I mean, what do you do?
Whether you forgive or you don't forgive,
you don't do anything! What do you do?
Nothing. But by not forgiving, you torture
yourself.
So, best thing is to forgive all of them.
Forgive everybody who was harmed you,
who has troubled you, who has made you unhappy, has hurt.
Forgive! Don't also think about them. It's also useless.
By forgiving, you don't know what will happen.
Absolutely, you will feel peaceful with yourself.
Just forgive everyone.
This nobleness you should accept today,
that you forgive everyone. Just forgive.
Now, please put your hands towards me. Like this.
Comfortably, comfortably.
Now you can put your right hand towards me,
and feel with the left hand on top of
your fontanelle bone area, little higher,
if there is any cool or a hot breeze, like vibrations,
are coming out of your own head.
On your, say, palm, you can feel it.
You move your hand up and down
and see for yourself if you are feeling.
Please remove your caps if you have, please. It's better to  remove.
Now, please see.
You must have respect for yourself,
should not denounce yourself and you should
also forgive everyone. That's, very important.
Now put the left hand towards me,
and put the right hand on top of your fontanelle bone area,
and bend your head, just bend your head.
And see for yourself if there's a cool or a hot
breeze coming out of your own fontanelle bone area.
This is the actualization of the baptism, you may call it.
Once more, put your right hand towards me.
And see with your left hand
if there is a cool or a hot breeze
coming out of your fontanelle bone area,
please keep your head bending.
Now.
If it is hot, means you have not forgiven yourself,
or you have not forgiven others.
So again, please forgive. Please
forgive yourself and forgive others.
That's a very great asset and help.
Now see for yourself if there's a cool
or a hot breeze coming on your fingertips or on your palms.
Please forgive, forgive, forgive yourself and forgive others.
Very important, because this center here,
when the crossing of the optic chiasma,
it get obstructed if you have not forgiven, so please forgive.
Because its a myth not to forgive.
So, please forgive.
Hmm.
I would say all those who have felt the cool breeze
in their hands or hot breeze
on their fingertips or on their palm
or out of their fontanelle bone area,
hot or cool breeze,
please raise your hands.
Mostly all of you have got it.
Mostly.
May God bless you. May God bless you. May God bless you all.
In such a short time, you have got it.
That means really, we have got very
wonderful people this time from Los Angeles.
Those who are truly seeker, or real seekers.
May God bless you for that.
Now you must respect your Realization,
and I hope you'll grow into it.
You'll try to grow and become masters.
Hardly it will take even one month maybe
to become the masters.
Why not do it?
All right?
May God bless you.